# Seed 1

0e44815a770be7f8245670152280c319bdbea3d2828bb5cb365919fd8d2faf0d

# Seed 2

222fd38a35d3c998aaed1fedcc4dd73a9e395451fb1553a42a7e9ccd089ab59e

# Main Contract Address

0200b87185c7a210b1f18c1db8d758ccad329a3360d759f7845940ce4620e9ab8cdf

# dummy contract address

020072d746dbec791445f9a69a2b8290a51f7dde8e46a7ad1aea92ad74dfe0b2ea5c

# HOW TO DEPLOY A NEW INSTANCE BY ADMIN

- Admin simply call the deploy function, providing the needed parameters for the constructor to deploy.

# HOW TO ADD AND REMOVE A NEW ADMIN

By calling the deploy circuit, and passing the admin's (to be deleted) publickey.

# USER INTERACTION WITH CONTRACTS/POOLS SCHEMA

To interact with any pool, users will have to join the contract they want to interact with when they select the pool they want to stake on.
The main contract has access to the contract addresses of every instance of the contract (POOL) that has been generated by admin(s).
We dynamically mapped the contract addresses on the UI as the available pool that users can participate in: this way, when a user selects a particular pool and the stake information, the dapp will join (detach from previous connection to anyother CA) the contract address of the selected pool. This gives users access to use parameters that are specific to the pool's contract.

NEEDS:
Information about pool: pool CA, name of token, token scale factor,

MUST:

- Circuit are thesame accross all Contracts. The contract address points to a different ledger: thereby affection different records on the ledger.
- Create reusable <<deploy>> function and <<join>> function for user and admin to use continously

# HOW TO KEEP TRACK OF EVERY DEPLOYED INSTANCT OF CONTRACT

Our app one main contract that it interacts with. The contract should

Several ways i can imagine.

The fist deployment of our app will be for tDUST. <!-- admin can create multiple pools for tdust -->

<!-- admin can remove a particular pool from pool listing -->

# STEPS

- move api to ui
- rewrite api to make it dynamic. Rewrite for: deploy contract, join contract, query state,
- redesign UI and make full

# ON THE API:

- Add check user role by comparing the connected wallet coinPublickKey to the super admin key or the list of admins
- return list of pool's contract address and their information
- protocolTVL, total_rewards_accrued, total_stake_withdrawn, total_stAsset_Minted, validAssetCoinType, StakePrivateState, Stake, StakeStatus, stakings, QualifiedCoinInfo, CoinInfo, SCALE_FACTOR, admins, stakePoolStatus, StakePoolStatus

# ON THE UI

- I must join and keep the connection to every pool alive to retrieve data and to interact with them
- On dom load, the dapp must join every pool to retrieve information about the pool: So we loop through the contracts saved on the ledger and map them to the pools name

# ON POOL CARD

When user clicks on a pool, the contract of the pool is joined and information about the pool is retrieved and displayed below

Information about every contract is stored on ipfs, PINATA.

When a user starts the dapp, they only connect wallet and not join the app yet until they want to display information about a particular pool by clicking on any among in the list or by initiating a transaction

- Render dynamically based on user role: Admin | User | Super Admin
- Create Admin Dashboard
- Let admin create new pool by deploying a new contract with parameters
- Store pool info on pinata - CA, Pool name, token name, stToken color
- Add admin, remove admin functionality

# problems

- Deployment from UI
- Users can join, stake assets
- Conditional rendering of UI based on roles - Admin or User
- Add and remove admin
- Create new pools by admin
- Store pool info on PINATA
